com/example/muzilla/Track.java
 com.example.muzilla.Track
com/example/muzilla/SliderAdapter.java
 com.example.muzilla.SliderAdapter
com/example/muzilla/LoadImage.java
 com.example.muzilla.LoadImage
com/example/muzilla/ArrayListExtended.java
 com.example.muzilla.ArrayListExtended
com/example/muzilla/API.java
 com.example.muzilla.API
com/example/muzilla/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.muzilla.BuildConfig
com/example/muzilla/Playlist.java
 com.example.muzilla.Playlist
com/example/muzilla/AudioPlayer.java
 com.example.muzilla.AudioPlayer
 com.example.muzilla.AudioPlayer$1
 com.example.muzilla.AudioPlayer$2
 com.example.muzilla.AudioPlayer$3
com/example/muzilla/IBaseFragment.java
 com.example.muzilla.IBaseFragment
com/example/muzilla/HttpQuery.java
 com.example.muzilla.HttpQuery
com/example/muzilla/AsyncTaskBody.java
 com.example.muzilla.AsyncTaskBody
com/example/muzilla/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/example/muzilla/PopularFragment.java
 com.example.muzilla.PopularFragment
 com.example.muzilla.PopularFragment$1
com/example/muzilla/PlaylistAdapter.java
 com.example.muzilla.PlaylistAdapter
 com.example.muzilla.PlaylistAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/muzilla/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/muzilla/databinding/ListItemTrackBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.ListItemTrackBinding
com/example/muzilla/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/example/muzilla/MainFragment.java
 com.example.muzilla.MainFragment
 com.example.muzilla.MainFragment$1
 com.example.muzilla.MainFragment$2
com/example/muzilla/SearchFragment.java
 com.example.muzilla.SearchFragment
 com.example.muzilla.SearchFragment$1
 com.example.muzilla.SearchFragment$1$1
com/example/muzilla/RecommendationFragment.java
 com.example.muzilla.RecommendationFragment
 com.example.muzilla.RecommendationFragment$1
com/example/muzilla/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/example/muzilla/databinding/FragmentRecommendationBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.FragmentRecommendationBinding
com/example/muzilla/databinding/FragmentPopularBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.FragmentPopularBinding
com/example/muzilla/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.muzilla.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/muzilla/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.muzilla.SettingsFragment
 com.example.muzilla.SettingsFragment$1
 com.example.muzilla.SettingsFragment$2
 com.example.muzilla.SettingsFragment$2$1
com/example/muzilla/TrackAdapter.java
 com.example.muzilla.TrackAdapter
 com.example.muzilla.TrackAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.muzilla.TrackAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.example.muzilla.TrackAdapter$ViewHolder$2
com/example/muzilla/MainActivity.java
 com.example.muzilla.MainActivity
